I know this is dumb but I've been
watching the show and thinking about it
a lot lately I had the urge to kneel or
something when you kneel for you yeah do
you get that from people do you get that
we know you'd think I feel like a lot of
people would be like oh yeah I know I
would and then they see me and they're
like it was a horse or something nothing
I saw you from afar on Sunday night
because they had a screening in the
movie theater I was shaking and crying
and yeah were you worried I didn't see
the shaking crying I saw you and he came
out and yeah the director yes yeah and
then and then the episode of you were
shaking and crack was a bit rushed
I suppose shaking and crying for their
introduction I think that's a good sign
when the actor who was in yeah in the
show is shaking and crying no it was not
it was correct I mean because being in
it then what you saw was was really what
it was like shooting it so you saw blood
and mud and angry screaming people and
then backstage that was blood and mud it
was hairy and asleep people yeah the
director said it was worth fifty five
nights of shedding yeah for one Episode
one Episode one crew know loads of
critter I mean I've sweat it was amazing
we didn't actually kill anyone it was
extraordinary when they say fifty five
nights does that mean you guys were up
all night all night shooting yeah so the
crew would stay even on the weekend the
weekends
sunday would stay on like on night hours
the entire way through and you did did
you stay our night hours I was only in a
little a lot of it I was up in the air
in my a crop duster right buck so you're
I got to save when you're on the dragon
and those aren't real dragons right No
so much easier if they watch you're up
in the air yeah I'm up in the air so I'm
in a big warehouse and it's on like a
huge contraption that is there's like
someone who's controlling this is
everyone knows what this means right
there's someone controlling it you trust
that person well it kind of sometimes
goes wrong I'm getting a note now I'm
like yes of being friendly to that
person oh yeah it's like you didn't say
hi to me this morning and now Jon Snow
is riding your dragons no I feel weird
about it I'm not gonna lie I mean he was
all like yeah you think you're good at
this let me be professional obviously I
was a girl so I got in and I was like
whatever amazing at this no big deal
this is my children did you have to
teach him to do it or he was kind of you
know arrogant about it and like I can do
this and then got on and was and that
was when I learned that that men riding
dragons is like a whole other thing then
a lady who writes a dragon oh right
because of the human tas yes of course
it's very easy medical yes so he looked
really pain oh really yeah I said yes so
I was kind of letting the girl who's
doing the joysticks though to just
whenever she felt needed to just mess
with it it's the opposite of a joystick
really is would be definitely named for
this endeavor indeed do you your brother
works on this show right he does what
does he do on this show he's in the
camera Department okay and she's
brilliant it's amazing I get he was due
he was doing the nights so I really got
to see what was really going down in
someone's mind who has that's nice to
have especially to have your family that
are separately working that much as well
it's really nice but what's yeah is he
there during like the love scene that
you had with Jon Snow
yes there are some days I'll swing by
and I'll go cuz he's like in the next
lets me in the next unit that's like
filming next door and I'm like more
embarrassed you or him in that now that
this show's almost over now I hate even
saying it because it's it's sad and it's
something that I really look forward to
every week do you feel now you're
getting emotional response from family
friends whatever phrase my friends don't
watch the show oh they don't they
legitimately do not watch the show so
they're like oh yeah you would the
iguana's order you riding some yeah
maybe some of my friends like oh no I
did watch it I'm like the first episode
of the first season doesn't count
yeah is that do you want your friends to
stay out of it or just so happy
Jennings always I thought it was cool I
was like yeah that's great now I'm just
gonna admit it life on television now it
sucks yeah guys I let myself to
Sheffield well you have to pay to watch
that though you have to like it'd be an
HBO subscriber alright guy subscriber to
England which is like a theatre dollars
a month I mean 3592 do you think so
let's turn on the damn television Danna
I know and I think my mum just watches
my bits is that right yeah I think she's
saying and then I fall asleep and then
you're on and I wake up Wow so how
people I know it's adorable well you
know how people react to it everywhere
else is I'm like oh yeah that's really
craving some kind of response off to
this at all my mates gonna be like we
watched it yeah I would hope they or
else write them right off your leads
yeah have to make new friends and
comic-con's like that
hey we're gonna write everyone's name
down we're gonna put them all on a
ping-pong ball ha and then we're gonna
pick somebody to be your new friend yeah
thanks for watching if you liked that
video click the subscribe button and if
you didn't like it will you hurt my
feelings